#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{xcolor}
\renewenvironment{quote}
               {\list{}{\rightmargin\leftmargin}%
                \item\relax\color{blue}}
               {\endlist}


% Long lines with tabs
\makeatletter

\newlength\tdima
\newcommand\tabfill[1]{%
      \setlength\tdima{\linewidth}%
      \addtolength\tdima{\@totalleftmargin}%
      \addtolength\tdima{-\dimen\@curtab}%
      \parbox[t]{\tdima}{#1\ifhmode\strut\fi}}

\newcommand\mytabs{\hspace*{2.5cm}\=\hspace{\tdima}}
\newenvironment{mysec}[1][\mytabs]
  {\begin{tabbing}#1\kill\ignorespaces}
  {\end{tabbing}}

\makeatother
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 2
\use_package amssymb 2
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style \use_bibtopic false
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 2.5cm
\topmargin 2.5cm
\rightmargin 2.5cm
\bottommargin 2.5cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Responses to Reviewer Comments on
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

2019MS001966
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

Multi-fluids for Representing Sub-filter-scale Convection
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Hilary Weller, William McIntyre, Dan Shipley and Peter Clark
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote
Author responses and additional text in the manuscript are in blue.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Responses to Reviewer 1
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The paper is written in a manner that relies too heavily on an assumption
 that the reader is familiar with previous works by the authors, yet these
 works are rather new in the field of convective parameterizations and I
 believe that the authors should give more context.
 The introduction could be made more detailed, referencing some key works
 such as the Lappen and Randell 2011 (a,b,c) and other approaches to convection
 sub as the high order closures and specifically the CLUBB (e.g.
 Golaz et al., 2013).
 Section 2 should place the reader on a better footing before presenting
 the model equations (I leave it to the authors to decide if they need more
 equations, an appendix, or only text referencing to their previous works
 to do so).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\color blue
Response
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The paper present results from a bubble experiment and RCE.
 The bubble turns out to be more challenging than the RCE.
 Can you please elaborate in your discussion why do you think that is the
 case? Does it has anything to do with the fact that in the RCE your multi-fluid
 updraft fluid represent the average of many rising plumes while in the
 bubble your multi-fluid updraft represents single bubble?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\color blue
Response
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
Specific Comments: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Labeling
\labelwidthstring 00.00.0000
Line
\begin_inset space \space{}
\end_inset

45: “Improvement have been made 
\series bold
by
\series default
”?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Labeling
\labelwidthstring 00.00.0000

\color blue
\begin_inset space \space{}
\end_inset

 Response
\end_layout

\begin_layout Labeling
\labelwidthstring 00.00.0000
Line
\begin_inset space \space{}
\end_inset

56 you wrote “Tan et al.
 (2018) didn’t propose a suitable numerical method for solving the equations”.
 Tan et al do present numerical solutions of their model (BOMEX test case
 and some modification of it) - either change that statement or elaborate
 what do you mean by “didn’t propose a suitable numerical method for solving
 the equations”.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Labeling
\labelwidthstring 00.00.0000

\color blue
\begin_inset space \space{}
\end_inset

 Response
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset bibtex
LatexCommand bibtex
bibfiles "numerics"
options "abbrvnat"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
